
# REPS WEEKLY CALL 2019-08-08

<br><br>This etherpad is for notetaking and collaboration. You can see the call agenda and to add your name in the top right.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br><br>&nbsp;* When:08&#x2F;08&#x2F;2019 16:00 UTC<br>&nbsp;* Time zone converter: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;arewemeetingyet&#x2e;com&#x2F;UTC&#x2F;2018&#x2d;07&#x2d;12&#x2F;16&#x3a;00&#x2F;w&#x2F;Mozilla&#x25;20Reps&#x25;20Weekly&#x25;20Meeting">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;arewemeetingyet.com&#x2F;UTC&#x2F;2018-07-12&#x2F;16:00&#x2F;w&#x2F;Mozilla%20Reps%20Weekly%20Meeting</a><br>&nbsp;* Duration: 30 mins regularly, 1 hour max.<br><br>Timezone conversions<br>&nbsp;* 09:00&nbsp; Pacific Standard Time |&nbsp; 12:00 Eastern Standard Time&nbsp; |&nbsp; 17:00&nbsp; Central European Time |&nbsp; 18:00 Eastern European Time&nbsp;&nbsp; |&nbsp; 21:30&nbsp; Indian Standard Time<br><br>How to join<br>&nbsp;&nbsp; * MozillaReps Zoom ID: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;mozilla&#x2e;zoom&#x2e;us&#x2F;j&#x2F;505669458">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;mozilla.zoom.us&#x2F;j&#x2F;505669458</a><br>&nbsp;&nbsp; * IRC: #remo<br>&nbsp;&nbsp; * AirMozilla: <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;onlinexperiences&#x2e;com&#x2F;Launch&#x2F;Event&#x2e;htm&#x3f;ShowKey&#x3d;44908&amp;DisplayItem&#x3d;E336347">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;onlinexperiences.com&#x2F;Launch&#x2F;Event.htm?ShowKey=44908&amp;DisplayItem=E336347</a><br>&nbsp;&nbsp; * Phone: One tap mobile +16465588656,,505669458# US (New York) or +17207072699,,505669458# US<br><ul class="indent"><li>Dial by your location</ul>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +1 720 707 2699 US<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 877 853 5257 US Toll-free<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +61 2 8015 2088 Australia<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +61 8 7150 1149 Australia<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1800 893 423 Australia Toll-free<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +1 647 558 0588 Canada<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +33 1 8288 0188 France<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +33 7 5678 4048 France<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 805 082 588 France Toll-free<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +49 30 3080 6188 Germany<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +49 30 5679 5800 Germany<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +49 69 8088 3899 Germany<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 724 3138 Germany Toll-free<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +852 5808 6088 Hong Kong, China<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +44 203 695 0088 United Kingdom<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; +44 203 966 3809 United Kingdom<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 800 031 5717 United Kingdom Toll-free<br>&nbsp;&nbsp; * Discussion:&nbsp;<br><br><strong>ReMo Portal Event</strong><br>&nbsp;* If you attended this call or watched the AirMo&#x2F;YouTube recording, <strong>please mark yourself as an attendee here:</strong> <a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;reps&#x2e;mozilla&#x2e;org&#x2F;e&#x2F;remo&#x2d;call&#x2d;08&#x2d;08&#x2d;19&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;reps.mozilla.org&#x2F;e&#x2F;remo-call-08-08-19&#x2F;</a> (both reps or mozillians)<br><br>Muting &#x2F; Unmuting<br>&nbsp;*&nbsp;<br><br>Places to look&nbsp;<br>* Reps list<br>* Twitter: @MozillaReps<br><br>==================================================================================================================<br>WELCOME! Roll Call!<br><br>WELCOME TO Reps Call<br>&nbsp;ADD YOUR NAME, your twitter<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Md Manzar Hasnain, @manzar8</li><li>Jason Shultz, @thehashrocket</li><li>Vishal Chavan, @vi5halc</li><li>Suhail Singh Bains</li><li>Pranshu Khanna, @pransh15</li><li>Kalyan @decode_dev</li><li>Devansh Gajjar @gajjar_devansh</li><li>Harsh Mehta @obitodarky</li><li>Harshil Agrawal @a_harshil1712</li><li>Pratik Parmar @hackyroot</li><li>Kiki, @kelimutt</li><li>Kumaresan.C.S @cskumaresan&nbsp;</li><li></ul><br><strong>Show some Reps who did an amazing work! Let&#x27;s share some #mozlove to them!&nbsp; (they will be tweeted after the meeting)</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>Chair: Konstantina<br>Notetakers:&nbsp;<br><br>Reps : 26 in zoom room<br><br>==================================================================================================================<br><strong>AGENDA&nbsp; (Please add your own items)</strong><br>==================================================================================================================<br><strong>TOPIC 1 - Community Portal updates&nbsp;</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;discourse&#x2e;mozilla&#x2e;org&#x2F;t&#x2F;community&#x2d;portal&#x2d;update&#x2d;introducing&#x2d;the&#x2d;agency&#x2d;team&#x2F;43508">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;discourse.mozilla.org&#x2F;t&#x2F;community-portal-update-introducing-the-agency-team&#x2F;43508</a></li><li>Mrinalini: Collaborative process: Weekly posts, FAQ on discourse, Monthly calls</li><li>Ahmed: Introduction of Playground</li><li>Q&amp;A session</ul><br>Questions?<br><ul class="bullet"><li>Will Community Leaders&#x2F;Workers&#x2F;Reps&#x2F;Organizers be able to manage their community events&#x2F;announcements&#x2F;achievements etc. through this portal?&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li></ul><li>Will they get access to insights about event registrations, send emails and contact members through this?<ul class="bullet"><li>You can see how many people RSVP&nbsp;</ul><li>I would love if I&#x2F;my community could be reminded about birthdays of it&#8217;s members, always a great way to celebrate the people around you!<ul class="bullet"><li>Yes if legal allows it&nbsp;</ul><li>Why do we need a third party? Can&#8217;t we develop the portal ourselves?<ul class="bullet"><li>We don&#x27;t have enough developers in the OI team. They are mostly working on IAM (mozilians) and SUMO. As this is a priority we decided to hire a third party agency.&nbsp;</ul><li>Once the portal is done, what happens to the Mozillians Directory and the Reps Portal?<ul class="bullet"><li>Mozillians is getting a reboot as part of IAM, it turns into a people&#x27;s directory. Goal is the portal will pull profiles from Mozilians. Working to move the reps portal functionality into the community portal so there is no duplication.&nbsp;</ul><li>To the Playground Team: Are you planning to host individual blogs for each profile within the portal? For Contributions. A blog that is writen as a detailed account for a contribution made by the member&#x2F;Mozillian.<ul class="bullet"><li>No plans at this stage to include it however we can link it to discourse!</ul><li>About the development: Can mozillians contribute to the repo?<ul class="bullet"><li>We are using wordpress for some things like buddypress, new templates and things will be on Github. Still coming together?&nbsp;</li><li>at this time we are on the design process so it isn&#x27;t as easy to have people give input but as we move forwrd we would love to find ways and processes that gives transparency and community invlolvement</ul><li>What if the Reps&#x2F;Community Leader in the particular pilot group is inactive for some reason? Participating in the pilot.&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>We need the pilot group contact to be active, and will ask for a replacement otherwise the group can&#x27;t take part in the pilot.&nbsp;</ul><li>Can a person on Mozillians right now opt out of the new portal and stay in people.mozilla.org? &lt;&lt; great questions!<ul class="bullet"><li>You&#x27;ll have you add yourself manually (nobody will automatically added from Mozillian) but in the future you&#x27;ll be able to bring in your profile info!</ul><li>Will there be a SSO for the portal?&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>&nbsp;Yes we&#x27;re. Looking into how we integrate it in, still figuring it out. Will connect with Mozilla&#x27;s SSO.&nbsp;&nbsp;</ul><li>Sorry to be so naive :P, but will the profile on the portal have a label if the person is a Rep, or a Mentor, or anything else?<ul class="bullet"><li>We will (etc reps will be in the reps group)&nbsp;</ul><li>Will the portal contain open forums?<ul class="bullet"><li>Leverage discourse&nbsp; - discourse.mozilla.org +1</ul><li>What is the playground team most interested in understanding&#x2F;getting out of with the community engagement&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>Learning new ideas e.g. blogs, validate thoughts&#x2F;direction</li><li>Unique and don&#x27;t always have such direct access&#x2F;feedback</ul><li>What types of reporting and contributions?&nbsp;<ul class="bullet"><li>For reps the reporting will remain the same. For activites&#x2F;events it will have tags e.g. coding, testing, support. focused on contributions to Mozilla but you can add other things in your blogs (discourse) or bios.&nbsp;</li><li>For events: should be relevant to Mozilla (similar to what exists now) e.g. teaching code is okay,</ul><li>What is the backend for new portal?<ul class="bullet"><li>We&#x27;re using wordpress (open source), looking to integrate with the platform buddypress (to build social networking element) + event management.<a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;buddypress&#x2e;org&#x2F;">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;buddypress.org&#x2F;</a>&nbsp; PHP mySQL</ul></li></ul><br>=============================================================================================================<br><strong>TOPIC 2 - Council Updates&nbsp;</strong><br><br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>Questions?<br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>=============================================================================================================<br><br><strong>TOPIC 3 - Open floor and questions</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>In this section the floor is yours to present in 1 minute a project you are working on and ask other Reps for help and support.<br>If you can&#x27;t make the call, please add your project below and a link with more information and we&#x27;ll read it for you during the call.<br><br><strong>NON-VERBAL UPDATES (ie: you can&#x27;t attend but want to share something)</strong><br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>Highlights for next Mozilla Monday Meeting<br><br><br>IDEAS-FEEDBACK<br>(don&#x27;t be shy and add random feedback, questions about the program here)<br>Please let us know your opinion about this call here!<br><ul class="bullet"><li></ul><br>
</body>
</html>
