REPS WEEKLY CALL 2019-08-15
=

This etherpad is for notetaking and collaboration. You can see the call agenda and to add your name in the top right.                                   

 * When:15/08/2019 16:00 UTC

* Time zone converter: <http://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2018-07-12/16:00/w/Mozilla%20Reps%20Weekly%20Meeting>

 * Duration: 30 mins regularly, 1 hour max.

Timezone conversions

 * 09:00  Pacific Standard Time |  12:00 Eastern Standard Time  |  17:00  Central European Time |  18:00 Eastern European Time   |  21:30  Indian Standard Time

How to join

* MozillaReps Zoom ID: <https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/505669458>

   * IRC: #remo

* AirMozilla: <https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/Event.htm?ShowKey=44908&DisplayItem=E336348>

   * Phone: One tap mobile +16465588656,,505669458# US (New York) or +17207072699,,505669458# US

-   Dial by your location

        +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)

        +1 720 707 2699 US

        877 853 5257 US Toll-free

        +61 2 8015 2088 Australia

        +61 8 7150 1149 Australia

        1800 893 423 Australia Toll-free

        +1 647 558 0588 Canada

        +33 1 8288 0188 France

        +33 7 5678 4048 France

        805 082 588 France Toll-free

        +49 30 3080 6188 Germany

        +49 30 5679 5800 Germany

        +49 69 8088 3899 Germany

        800 724 3138 Germany Toll-free

        +852 5808 6088 Hong Kong, China

        +44 203 695 0088 United Kingdom

        +44 203 966 3809 United Kingdom

        800 031 5717 United Kingdom Toll-free

* Discussion: <https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/reps-weekly-call-15-08-2019/43914>

**ReMo Portal Event**

* If you attended this call or watched the AirMo/YouTube recording, **please mark yourself as an attendee here:**  <https://reps.mozilla.org/e/remo-call-15-08-19/> (both reps or mozillians)

Muting / Unmuting

 * 

Places to look 

* Reps list

* Twitter: @MozillaReps

==================================================================================================================

WELCOME! Roll Call!

WELCOME TO Reps Call

 ADD YOUR NAME, your twitter and last song you listened to

-   Md Manzar Hasnain, @manzar8

-   Jason Shultz, @thehashrocket, Katy Perry: Dark Horse

-   Shina Dhingra, @shina_dhingra, Señorita

-   Robby Sayles @rtsayles Under the ocean

-   Stefan Costen(Slayer) @Stefan_Costen

-   Milinda Arambawe @milindalaknath cross-me

-   S M Sarwar, @smsnobin77 Queen of Mean

-   Konstantina @Konstantina_P suicide blond

-   Kiki, @kelimuttu, Petals on the wind

-   Lidya Christina, @21lidyaa, Summer days

**Show some Reps who did an amazing work! Let's share some #mozlove to them!  (they will be tweeted after the meeting)**

Chair: Konstantina

Notetakers: 

Reps : 14 in zoom room

==================================================================================================================

**AGENDA  (Please add your own items)**

==================================================================================================================

**TOPIC 1 - Mozfest - Robert Sayles**

-   <https://www.mozillafestival.org/en/team/volunteers/>

-   Volunteers are integral to what we do at Mozilla, and MozFest is no different. The annual festival could not take place without the time, dedication and love of our local volunteers.

-   no transportation and accommodation is covered

-   This is an application process. Please expect a response to your application within 14 days.

-   Please see <https://mozillafestival.org/team/volunteers> for more information.

-   Mozilla festival is moving away from London

Questions?

-   Can people from all over the world volunteer? robby@mozilla.org.uk

-   anyone can volunteer, a team will review the application (<https://reps.mozilla.org/e/mozilla-festival-2019/> )

-   How people can submit talks for the mozfest ?

-   you need to reach out to Sarah Allen, the executive director of Mozfest  sarah<at>mozillafoundation.org 

-   Are you thinking of staying in Europe for next year or wherever in the world

-   For the first cycle from 2020, staying in Europe. After that uncertain yet, follow mozillafestival (<https://medium.com/mozilla-festival/mozfest-is-on-the-move-where-to-next-bca84ff41c4c> )

-   Have any favour to get fund for Mozilla reps? As travel stipend. 

-   The answer is already covered in the mozillafestival website. What Reps program have done is to cover Visa cost for whom chosen as a speaker, that means travel and accomodation were covered.

-   If I want to be volunteer Oct 21 - 27, Will I get full accomodation? 

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 2 - Mozillian of the month - Shina**

-   Introducing the Mozillian of the Month team and the campaign.

-   Talking about our nominations for the month of July and the voting timelines.

-   Link to vote for your fav Mozillian  : <https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/voting-for-mozillian-of-the-month-july-due-8-25-15-00-utc/43730>

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 2 - Council Updates **

-   Reps OKRs have been published: <https://blog.mozilla.org/mozillareps/2019/08/12/reps-okrs-for-second-half-of-2019/>

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 3 - Open floor and questions**

In this section the floor is yours to present in 1 minute a project you are working on and ask other Reps for help and support.

If you can't make the call, please add your project below and a link with more information and we'll read it for you during the call.

**NON-VERBAL UPDATES (ie: you can't attend but want to share something)**

Highlights for next Mozilla Monday Meeting

IDEAS-FEEDBACK

(don't be shy and add random feedback, questions about the program here)

Please let us know your opinion about this call here!