REPS WEEKLY CALL 2019-07-25
=

This etherpad is for notetaking and collaboration. You can see the call agenda and to add your name in the top right.

 * When:25/07/2019 16:00 UTC

 * Time zone converter: http://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2018-07-12/16:00/w/Mozilla%20Reps%20Weekly%20Meeting

 * Duration: 30 mins regularly, 1 hour max.

Timezone conversions

 * 09:00  Pacific Standard Time |  12:00 Eastern Standard Time  |  17:00  Central European Time |  18:00 Eastern European Time   |  21:30  Indian Standard Time

How to join

   * MozillaReps Zoom ID: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/505669458

   * IRC: #remo

   * AirMozilla: https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/Event.htm?ShowKey=44908&DisplayItem=E333340

   * Phone: One tap mobile +16465588656,,505669458# US (New York) or +17207072699,,505669458# US

Dial by your location

        +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)

        +1 720 707 2699 US

        877 853 5257 US Toll-free

        +61 2 8015 2088 Australia

        +61 8 7150 1149 Australia

        1800 893 423 Australia Toll-free

        +1 647 558 0588 Canada

        +33 1 8288 0188 France

        +33 7 5678 4048 France

        805 082 588 France Toll-free

        +49 30 3080 6188 Germany

        +49 30 5679 5800 Germany

        +49 69 8088 3899 Germany

        800 724 3138 Germany Toll-free

        +852 5808 6088 Hong Kong, China

        +44 203 695 0088 United Kingdom

        +44 203 966 3809 United Kingdom

        800 031 5717 United Kingdom Toll-free

   * Discussion: https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/reps-weekly-call-25-07-2019/43019

ReMo Portal Event

 * If you attended this call or watched the AirMo/YouTube recording, please mark yourself as an attendee here: https://reps.mozilla.org/e/remo-call-25-07-19/ (both reps or mozillians)

Muting / Unmuting

 *

Places to look 

* Reps list

* Twitter: @MozillaReps

==================================================================================================================

WELCOME! Roll Call!

WELCOME TO Reps Call

 ADD YOUR NAME, your twitter

Mariot, @mariot_tsitoara

Md Manzar Hasnain, @manzar8

Shahbaz, @shahbaz

Tanzeel, @iamtanzeelkhan

Mario, @mariogmd

Leye @generaleye

Abhilash, @abhiaecs

Konstantina @Konstantina_P

Kiki @kelimuttu

Takeshi @hmatrjp

Yamama 

Irvin, @irvinfly

Prathamesh @pathfinderpc

Suhail Singh Bains

Tunde Awopegba @awopee

Angel Quiroz @AngelFQC

Show some Reps who did an amazing work! Let's share some #mozlove to them!  (they will be tweeted after the meeting)

Ruwan Ranganath

Michael, Arturo, and Pushpita for their dedication in the review team

Prathamesh for the help in communities in India

Chair: Konstantina

Notetakers:

Reps : 9 in zoom room

==================================================================================================================

AGENDA  (Please add your own items)

==================================================================================================================

TOPIC 1 - Common Voice Campaign Push for French, German and Spanish

https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/launching-a-campaign-push-for-french-german-and-spanish/42894

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

TOPIC 2 - New Review Team 2019

https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/new-review-team-member-summer-2019/42770/3

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

TOPIC 3 - Council Updates

Instagram plan - still working on gain access of the account; Comment at the plan: https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/social-media-task-force-team-2019/42316

Mozillian of the Month Team - apply now: https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/application-open-for-mozillian-of-the-month-team-open-until-7-29/42917

Decomplish of the etherpad - we will switch to pad.mozilla.org start next week, and we're looking for the way to export and migrate old rep's stuff https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/new-pad-new-paste/41425 

Reps Application - there is some delay on new application and council is aware of the issue

Questions?

Why was the old Social Media Task Force Team disbanded?

Reps Social Media Team

It's not disbanded, just quire for some time

Mozilla social Champions

The original staff is not there so it's on hold for some year, and we're going to re-enble the https://www.instagram.com/mozillagram/

How to use new pad.mozilla.org

You need to login with Firefox / IAM account (because the old pad had some spam issue)

The content will disappear after some time if the that pad is not updated

do copy-and-paste the content after finish with each the pad

=============================================================================================================

TOPIC 3 - Open floor and questions

In this section the floor is yours to present in 1 minute a project you are working on and ask other Reps for help and support.

If you can't make the call, please add your project below and a link with more information and we'll read it for you during the call.

NON-VERBAL UPDATES (ie: you can't attend but want to share something)

Highlights for next Mozilla Monday Meeting

IDEAS-FEEDBACK

(don't be shy and add random feedback, questions about the program here)

Please let us know your opinion about this call here!