REPS WEEKLY CALL 2019-07-11
=

This etherpad is for notetaking and collaboration. You can see the call agenda and to add your name in the top right.

 * When:11/07/2019 16:00 UTC

* Time zone converter: <http://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2018-07-12/16:00/w/Mozilla%20Reps%20Weekly%20Meeting>

 * Duration: 30 mins regularly, 1 hour max.

Timezone conversions

 * 09:00  Pacific Standard Time |  12:00 Eastern Standard Time  |  17:00  Central European Time |  18:00 Eastern European Time   |  21:30  Indian Standard Time

How to join

* MozillaReps Zoom ID: <https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/505669458>

   * IRC: #remo

* AirMozilla: <https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/Event.htm?ShowKey=44908&DisplayItem=E333335>

   * Phone: One tap mobile +16465588656,,505669458# US (New York) or +17207072699,,505669458# US

-   Dial by your location

        +1 646 558 8656 US (New York)

        +1 720 707 2699 US

        877 853 5257 US Toll-free

        +61 2 8015 2088 Australia

        +61 8 7150 1149 Australia

        1800 893 423 Australia Toll-free

        +1 647 558 0588 Canada

        +33 1 8288 0188 France

        +33 7 5678 4048 France

        805 082 588 France Toll-free

        +49 30 3080 6188 Germany

        +49 30 5679 5800 Germany

        +49 69 8088 3899 Germany

        800 724 3138 Germany Toll-free

        +852 5808 6088 Hong Kong, China

        +44 203 695 0088 United Kingdom

        +44 203 966 3809 United Kingdom

        800 031 5717 United Kingdom Toll-free

* Discussion: <https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/reps-weekly-call-27-06-2019/41934>

**ReMo Portal Event**

* If you attended this call or watched the AirMo/YouTube recording, **please mark yourself as an attendee here**: <https://reps.mozilla.org/e/remo-call-11-07-19/> (both reps or mozillians)

Muting / Unmuting

 *

Places to look 

* Reps list

* Twitter: @MozillaReps

==================================================================================================================

WELCOME! Roll Call!

WELCOME TO Reps Call

 ADD YOUR NAME, your twitter

-   Kiki, @kelimuttu

-   Angel Quiroz, @AngelFQC

-   Nazir Ahmed Sabbir, @NaSabbir

-   Jason Shultz, @thehashrocket

-   Takeshi, @hmatrjp

-   Monica, @gutemonik 

-   Tim Murray  @frommars

-   Suhail Singh Bains

-   Irvin, @irvinfly

-   Hugo Acosta, @nex23

-   Bob Reyes, @bobreyes

-   Bhuvana Meenakshi , @bhuvanakotees1

-   Luis Sanchez, @lasr21

-   Atique Ahmed Ziad, @atiqueahmedziad

-   Felipe, @felipez3r0

**Show some Reps who did an amazing work! Let's share some #mozlove to them!  (they will be tweeted after the meeting)**

-   **Ruwan Ranganath**

Chair: Kiki

Notetakers:

Reps : 14

==================================================================================================================

**AGENDA  (Please add your own items)**

==================================================================================================================

**TOPIC 1 - Firefox Rebranding - Tim Murray**

-   Check out this cool page <https://mozilla.design/>

-   Firefox is more than a browser. We are expanding our branding, as a family of products (Firefox, Firefox mobiles, Firefox monitor, Firefox Lockbox, etc)

Questions?

-   Are we gonna  promote Firefox logomark a lot more in the future?

-   Yes, we will only use Firefox (browser) Logo only if we talk specific to browser. Other case we use master Firefox brand logo 

-   In which version do we start to use new Firefox logomark?(for browser)

-   For browser, current logomark is to be used for while.

-   in october release timeframe,  we will new new Firefox (browser) logo 

-   From Suhail Singh Bains to Everyone: (11:20 PM)

-   Is it legal to use new FF logo in personal website? 

-   Yes, unless it is misused.

-   From bhuvana meenakshi to Everyone: (11:21 PM)

-   Are there any licenses associated with the usage of the logos?

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 2 - Firefox 68 SUMO Sprint - Kiki**

-   <https://events.mozilla.org/firefox68sumosprint>

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 3 - Council Updates **

-   Council is working on revise OKRs based on the goal of "Reps to be the mobilizer for Mission Driven Mozillians", detailed OKR doc should out after next week

-   Plans open for feedback 'til next Monday

-   Social Media Task Force Team 2019

-   <https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/social-media-task-force-team-2019/42316/4>

-   Mozillian of the Month - welcome feedback

-   <https://discourse.mozilla.org/t/plan-to-build-team-for-mozillian-of-the-month-welcome-feedback/42283/2>

-   Alumni

-   24 Reps who had been in-active more than 1 year had graduated to Alumni

-   We have 238 Reps now. <https://reps.mozilla.org/dashboard/stats/>

Questions?

=============================================================================================================

**TOPIC 3 - Open floor and questions**

In this section the floor is yours to present in 1 minute a project you are working on and ask other Reps for help and support.

If you can't make the call, please add your project below and a link with more information and we'll read it for you during the call.

**NON-VERBAL UPDATES (ie: you can't attend but want to share something)**

-   [Reminder] Don't forget to update your Zoom app if you're on Mac <https://blog.zoom.us/wordpress/2019/07/08/response-to-video-on-concern/>

-   [Reminder] Don't forget to also update your Firefox. Fx 68 just out last Tuesday -> <https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/68.0/releasenotes/>

Highlights for next Mozilla Monday Meeting

IDEAS-FEEDBACK

(don't be shy and add random feedback, questions about the program here)

Please let us know your opinion about this call here!